CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Python Image Converter

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Python Image Converter! Contributions from the community help make this project better. Here’s how you can contribute.

## Table of Contents

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Style Guide](#style-guide)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)
- [Submitting a Pull Request](#submitting-a-pull-request)
- [Community](#community)

## Code of Conduct

By participating in this project, you are expected to uphold our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please read it before participating.

## Getting Started

- Fork the repository on GitHub.
- Clone your forked repository locally.
- Set up the development environment by following the instructions in the [README](README.md) file.

## How to Contribute

### This is our contribution workflow

1. Find an issue to work on, or propose a new feature by creating a new issue.
2. Discuss the issue with the maintainers to ensure it’s a good fit for the project.
3. Work on the issue in your forked repository.
4. Submit a pull request once your changes are ready.

### Best practices
To ensure the best possible experience for both contributors and users:
- Remember to limit each PR to the scope of the specific issue you worked on.
- DO NOT include dependencies, features or change the default code behaviour without discussing it beforehand.
- Each PR should be ATOMIC and should be conducted only as part of the contribution workflow, otherwise it will not be accepted.



## Style Guide

Please follow the [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) style guide for Python code.

## Testing

Ensure that your code works as expected without affecting existing functionality.

We are using pytest, the `tests` folder contains our unit tests.

```bash
# run unit tests
pytest tests
```

## Reporting Issues

- Check if the issue has already been reported.
- Be clear and concise in your issue report.
- Include steps to reproduce the issue, if applicable.
- Tag the issue appropriately.

## Submitting a Pull Request

1. Ensure your changes are on a new branch in your forked repository.
2. Ensure your changes adhere to the style guide and do not break anythinng.
3. Submit a pull request to the `master` branch.
4. Address any feedback from the maintainers.

## Community

- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/eG3ZbrAmuG) to discuss the project and ask for help.
- Be respectful and considerate of other community members.

Thank you for contributing to Python Image Converter!

Commit message:

docs: add credits for codium

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Python Image Converter

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Python Image Converter! Contributions from the community help make this project better. Here’s how you can contribute.

## Table of Contents

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Style Guide](#style-guide)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)
- [Submitting a Pull Request](#submitting-a-pull-request)
- [Community](#community)

## Code of Conduct

By participating in this project, you are expected to uphold our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please read it before participating.

## Getting Started

- Fork the repository on GitHub.
- Clone your forked repository locally.
- Set up the development environment by following the instructions in the [README](README.md) file.

## How to Contribute

### This is our contribution workflow

1. Find an issue to work on, or propose a new feature by creating a new issue.
2. Discuss the issue with the maintainers to ensure it’s a good fit for the project.
3. Work on the issue in your forked repository.
4. Submit a pull request once your changes are ready.

### Best practices
To ensure the best possible experience for both contributors and users:
- Remember to limit each PR to the scope of the specific issue you worked on.
- DO NOT include dependencies, features or change the default code behaviour without discussing it beforehand.
- Each PR should be ATOMIC and should be conducted only as part of the contribution workflow, otherwise it will not be accepted.



## Style Guide

Please follow the [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) style guide for Python code.

## Testing

Ensure that your code works as expected without affecting existing functionality.

We are using pytest, the `tests` folder contains our unit tests.

```bash
# run unit tests
pytest tests
```

For improving our Unit Tests we are using [codium.ai](https://www.codium.ai/) ✨

## Reporting Issues

- Check if the issue has already been reported.
- Be clear and concise in your issue report.
- Include steps to reproduce the issue, if applicable.
- Tag the issue appropriately.

## Submitting a Pull Request

1. Ensure your changes are on a new branch in your forked repository.
2. Ensure your changes adhere to the style guide and do not break anythinng.
3. Submit a pull request to the `master` branch.
4. Address any feedback from the maintainers.

## Community

- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/eG3ZbrAmuG) to discuss the project and ask for help.
- Be respectful and considerate of other community members.

Thank you for contributing to Python Image Converter!
